DOCS-7698 (part of Jira): clarify functionality of takeWhile (#1279)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-arrays-functions-takewhile.adoc

=== Example

This example iterates over the elements in the array and selects only those

> where the index is `&lt;= 2`. Note that it stops selecting elements when it reaches an 

Reviewer: I struggled over a way to reword this so that the reference "it" was more clear...because "it" here refers to the example, and I don't think that that is the focus so much as the iteration stoppage:
```suggestion
where the index is `&lt;= 2`. Note that the example shows that iterations stop when an element value greater than 2 is encountered.
```
Does that work?

> element that is greater than 2. It does not select the second 1 because 4 

Reviewer: Again with the "it." I'm stumped for a rewording...and maybe it's unnecessary. Up to you.
